IMPORTANT INFORMATION

1 Service Fee: Chase Total Checking has no Monthly Service Fee when you do at least one of the following each statement period: Option #1: Have electronic deposits made into this account totaling $500 or more, such as payments from payroll providers or government benefit providers, by using (i) the ACH network, (ii) the Real Time Payment or FedNowSM network, or (iii) third party services that facilitate payments to your debit card using the Visa® or Mastercard® network; OR, Option #2: Keep a balance at the beginning of each day of $1,500 or more in your checking account; OR, Option #3: Keep an average beginning day balance of $5,000 or more in any combination of this account and linked qualifying Chase checking, savings and other balances. Otherwise a $15 Monthly Service Fee will apply.
2 New and converted accounts will not be charged a Monthly Service Fee for at least the first two statement periods. After that, the Monthly Service Fee will apply unless you meet one of the ways to avoid the Monthly Service Fee each statement period (if applicable).
Product terms subject to change. For more information, please see a banker or visit chase.com/checking.
Bonus/Account Information: Offer not available to existing Chase checking customers, or those whose accounts have been closed within 90 days or closed with a negative balance within the last 3 years. You can receive only one new checking account opening related bonus every two years from the last coupon enrollment date and only one bonus per account. Coupon is good for one-time use. To receive the bonus: 1) Open a new Chase Total Checking account, which is subject to approval; AND 2) Have your direct deposits totaling $500 or more made into the new checking account within 90 days of coupon enrollment. Your direct deposit needs to be an electronic deposit of your paycheck, pension or government benefits (such as Social Security) from your employer or the government. Person to Person payments (such as Zelle®) are not considered a direct deposit. Micro-deposits do not qualify as a direct deposit for the bonus. Micro-deposits are small deposits, typically less than $1, that are sent to your account to verify it is the correct account. After you have completed all the above requirements, we’ll deposit the bonus in your new account within 15 days. To receive this bonus, the enrolled account must not be closed or restricted at the time of payout. Eligibility may be limited based on account ownership. Bonus is considered interest and will be reported on IRS Form 1099-INT (or Form 1042-S, if applicable).

Offer availability subject to change. Other Chase checking bonus offers may exist concurrently.

With Chase Overdraft AssistSM, we won’t charge an Overdraft Fee if you’re overdrawn by $50 or less at the end of the business day OR if you’re overdrawn by more than $50 and you bring your account balance to overdrawn by $50 or less at the end of the next business day (you have until 11 PM ET [8 PM PT] to make a deposit or transfer). Chase Overdraft Assist does not require enrollment and comes with eligible Chase checking accounts.

Chase Mobile® app is available for select mobile devices. Enroll in Chase OnlineSM or on the Chase Mobile app. Deposits made through the Chase Mobile app are subject to deposit limits and funds are typically available by next business day. Deposit limits may change at any time. Other restrictions apply. See chase.com/QuickDeposit or the Chase Mobile app for eligible mobile devices, limitations, terms, conditions and details. Message and data rates may apply.

Chase Online Bill Pay: Must enroll in Chase OnlineSM Banking and activate Online Bill Pay. Certain restrictions and limitations may apply.

Enrollment in Zelle® at a participating financial institution using an eligible U.S. checking or savings account is required to use the service. Chase customers may not enroll using savings accounts; an eligible Chase consumer or business checking account is required, and may have its own account fees. Consult your account agreement. Funds are typically made available in minutes when the recipient’s email address or U.S. mobile number is already enrolled with Zelle® (go to enroll.zellepay.com to view participating banks). Select transactions could take up to 3 business days. Enroll on the Chase Mobile® app or Chase OnlineSM. Limitations may apply. Message and data rates may apply.

Zelle® is intended for payments to recipients you know and trust and is not intended for the purchase of goods from retailers, online marketplaces or through social media posts. Neither Zelle® nor Chase provide protection if you make a purchase of goods using Zelle® and then do not receive them or receive them damaged or not as described or expected. In case of errors or questions about your electronic funds transfers, including information on reimbursement for fraudulent Zelle® payments, see your account agreement. Neither Chase nor Zelle® offers reimbursement for authorized payments you make using Zelle®, except for a limited reimbursement program that applies for certain imposter scams where you sent money with Zelle®. This reimbursement program is not required by law and may be modified or discontinued at any time.

Zelle and the Zelle related marks are wholly owned by Early Warning Services, LLC and are used herein under license.

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC
©2025 JPMorgan Chase & Co.

LC-RAFPURLQ425